br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/LoginActivity.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.LoginActivity
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.LoginActivity$1
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/MyWebChromeClient.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyWebChromeClient
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyWebChromeClient$ToggledFullscreenCallback
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.ContentMainBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/AboutFragmentBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.AboutFragmentBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/DetectConnection.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.DetectConnection
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/ViewLoadingVideoBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.ViewLoadingVideoBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/ActivityWebViewBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.ActivityWebViewBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/CardSiteBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.CardSiteBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/MyWebViewClient.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyWebViewClient
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/BuildConfig.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.BuildConfig
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/MyWebView.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyWebView
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyWebView$JavascriptInterface
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyWebView$JavascriptInterface$1
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/MainActivityBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.MainActivityBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/AboutBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.AboutBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/MainFragmentBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.MainFragmentBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/databinding/ContentBottomSheetBinding.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.databinding.ContentBottomSheetBinding
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/main/Site.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.Site
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/main/MainFragment.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.MainFragment
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.MainFragment$1
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.MainFragment$2
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.MainFragment$RecyclerViewMargin
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.MainFragment$ScreenUtils
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/WebViewActivity.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.WebViewActivity
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.WebViewActivity$1
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.WebViewActivity$2
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.WebViewActivity$3
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.WebViewActivity$4
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.WebViewActivity$5
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/main/SiteAdapter.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.SiteAdapter
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.SiteAdapter$1
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.SiteAdapter$2
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.SiteAdapter$ViewHolder
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/ToastStack.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.ToastStack
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/MainApplication.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MainApplication
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/AboutFragment.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$1
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$10
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$11
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$12
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$13
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$14
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$15
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$16
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$2
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$3
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$4
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$5
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$6
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$7
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$8
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.AboutFragment$9
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/main/MainActivity.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.main.MainActivity
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/MyDownloadListener.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyDownloadListener
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyDownloadListener$1
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyDownloadListener$2
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.MyDownloadListener$3
br/gov/ba/pmvc/vcapp/SplashScreenActivity.java
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.SplashScreenActivity
 br.gov.ba.pmvc.vcapp.SplashScreenActivity$1
